Dustin Williams: sheesh.
Dustin Williams: i'm at the hospital.
Jonathan Slivko: what happened?
Dustin Williams: well, long story. got the time?
Jonathan Slivko: I've got at least 4 hours ;)
Dustin Williams: :P, well
Dustin Williams: i have my best friend, Peter, who i work with - he's the "graphics end" of my venture
Jonathan Slivko: ah yes
Jonathan Slivko: I've seen the name before.
Dustin Williams: he does all the graphics, all that
Dustin Williams: so
Dustin Williams: he has a girlfriend who is extremely manipulative, and controlling from my perspective
Jonathan Slivko: I'm sure we all know people like that.
Dustin Williams: so today, when her roommate picked up the mail for her, and he noticed that the electric bill arrived, and had a simple request of what was the total, but the woman just took the mail without a word and walked away
Dustin Williams: we were a bit miffed about that, so we tried to talk to her about it, and see what it was, what would be a big deal about the totals of an electric bill?
Jonathan Slivko: yeah, it's not state secrets ;)
Dustin Williams: so we could calculate budgets accordingly and such
Dustin Williams: so, we then suspect that she is "getting" extra money by inflating roommates' slices of the bill
Jonathan Slivko: niiice.
Jonathan Slivko: b*tch.
Dustin Williams: so she gets mad, literally walks out
Dustin Williams: peter tries to follow, asking her where she's going, and when she'll be back
Dustin Williams: and on top of this, peter has to babysit her baby.
Dustin Williams: (in the past few months, she has been ditching peter and the baby to hang out with friends, and whatnot, so peter got fed up)
Dustin Williams: so he decided to break up with her
Dustin Williams: his roommate, and I completely agreed with that
Dustin Williams: so, we try to locate the woman, giving her MULTIPLE chances of coming back and having a civil conversation
Dustin Williams: then finally having to go through the friends that the woman was with
Dustin Williams: friend replies that the woman literally slowly shook her head "no"
Jonathan Slivko: sounds like an ominous/precarious situation.
Dustin Williams: so she basically refused to come back and have a good conversation
Dustin Williams: so i call my mom, have her come over and get me, peter out of there.
Dustin Williams: but peter wants to tell the woman that it's "done" - in person.
Dustin Williams: so we go to where she is, the gym
Dustin Williams: la fitness or whateve
Dustin Williams: r
Dustin Williams: so we get there 2 minutes before closing
Dustin Williams: so we decide to wait, see her coming out
Dustin Williams: peter cordially comes out and asks her what happend
Dustin Williams: then the woman just... freaks out, mad that he's there, and preferred to go back home and all that
Dustin Williams: and peter tells her that he's DONE. but she literally blocked the door to my mom's passenger
Dustin Williams: (grammar fail, but you get the point)
Jonathan Slivko: yeah
Jonathan Slivko: I get the point.
Dustin Williams: so
Dustin Williams: i give peter the chance to tell her to gtfo
Dustin Williams: but nope, woman is stubborn and blockign the way
Dustin Williams: so i tell my mom to just go
Dustin Williams: so she starts up the engine; slowly backs up. nope, still wouldn't budge.
Dustin Williams: then literally shoved peter and sat and closed the door
Jonathan Slivko: …. and now you see why I live alone for a reason; I don't need the drama.
Dustin Williams: we all were ._______________.
Dustin Williams: so we simply drove them back home
Dustin Williams: then they argued for a while in the backyard for a few minutes
Dustin Williams: peter told me explictly to come in no matter what in 15 minutes
Dustin Williams: so i check on them in 5 minutes, and then discover the woman straddling peter on the ground, literally doing fist-to-head on peter, and choking him.... then a few minutes later, try to smooch him up and... get this, rape him
Dustin Williams: and i was watching with the roommate the whole time...
Dustin Williams: until i got so fed up i walked out to the backyard, making my presence known, and told her i am NOT budging until they separate.
Jonathan Slivko: sounds like a crazy witch.
Dustin Williams: so, she doesn't.
Dustin Williams: and i don't want to yank a woman off and risk battery charges
Jonathan Slivko: you wouldn't
Dustin Williams: so i ask my mom to come in and politely ask her to come off
Dustin Williams: so i have that respect, even if she's beating him up
Dustin Williams: so when my mom gives her the ultimatum: separate or i'll pull you off
Dustin Williams: still wouldn't budge, so my mom tries to pull her off
Dustin Williams: punched her clean in the face
Jonathan Slivko: ouch.
Dustin Williams: so i pull her off, and then my head snapped to the right, just snap.
Jonathan Slivko: that must have hurt.
Jonathan Slivko: ouch.
Dustin Williams: so i snap, i literally grab her by the arms and then smash her into the wall, so she wouldn't be able to hit anybody
Dustin Williams: and then yelled in sign language to STOP. CALM DOWN. THEN TALK.
Jonathan Slivko: sounds like a free-for-all? :(
Dustin Williams: this was purely self defense
Dustin Williams: i had to literally pull her off my mom
Dustin Williams: and then she tried to beat me up, so i just smashed her int he wall, you know how LEOs pull those people against the wall and handcuff? that's how i kinda did it so she couldnt hit anybody
Dustin Williams: and gave her a chance to calm down and talk
Dustin Williams: she calmed down a bit
Dustin Williams: and then started yelling again at peter
Dustin Williams: mind you, this was completely in sign language, between deaf people
Dustin Williams: and then i just...
Dustin Williams: got worn out, for some reason
Jonathan Slivko: You forget, I am one ;)
Dustin Williams: i guess it was all the stress, adrenaline
Dustin Williams: i know ;)
Dustin Williams: i puked a bit
Dustin Williams: and when i wiped my mouth
Dustin Williams: i finally realized i had a HUGE gash in my mouth
Jonathan Slivko: ouch.
Dustin Williams: so i'm like, spitting out blood and all that
Jonathan Slivko: sounds like she's the one with the assault charge.
Dustin Williams: so... the woman kept cornering peter and all that
Jonathan Slivko: assault and battery.
Dustin Williams: so i just snapped and shoved my phone to my mom
Dustin Williams: with it already dialed 911
Dustin Williams: and told her just get the cops. i'm done.
Dustin Williams: but when the woman sees that i called the cops
Dustin Williams: she breaks down and begs us not to do it because of her baby son — he would be taken away and put in the foster care system
Dustin Williams: which is just... lame
Dustin Williams: we simply told her
Dustin Williams: "your fault."
Dustin Williams: so the cops came, separated the two
Dustin Williams: mom explained the whole thing to them
Dustin Williams: then the woman *actually* didn't listen to the cops, and acted belligerent
Dustin Williams: one cop actually got so mad, he told his partner "handle it. just handle her."
Dustin Williams: and then walked away to talk to my mom
Dustin Williams: it was that bad
Dustin Williams: so we got them separated with the help of the LEOs
Jonathan Slivko: sounds like one hell of a bad day.
Dustin Williams: but we decided to drop all charges because of only one reason: the baby.
Dustin Williams: the foster care system, as it is today, is just terrible.
Jonathan Slivko: so is an abusive mother.
Dustin Williams: true, but she has NEVER been abusive to her older son
Dustin Williams: as well as the baby
Dustin Williams: a social worker apparently has come over and checked things out randomly.
Jonathan Slivko: circumstances changes.
Dustin Williams: granted.
Dustin Williams: i told her
Dustin Williams: one more time. i'm calling CPS.
Dustin Williams: i've no qualms about it. i'm serious.
Dustin Williams: blunt like that
Jonathan Slivko: I wouldn't have had a choice.
Dustin Williams: yeah
Dustin Williams: i'm just a nice guy
Dustin Williams: and peter requested it too, so i respect his choice
Jonathan Slivko: sounds like a whole 3 course meal full of charges.
Dustin Williams: so heh, i'm at the hospital, seeing about my nasty cut
Dustin Williams: so um, that's the story, i guess
